


    Hudl Hiring Manager
    Hudl Inc.
    Lincoln,Nebraska






            Dear Hiring Manager,

            I would like to propose my interest for your position at Hudl for Front-End Developer, which was advertised on
            www.StackOverflow.com. I have spent over 8 years in web development from design to practical programming. I would like to
            add I am one of the few JavaScript Developers who not only has the Adobe Suite but does not mind to work with wireframes
            and mocking up templates. After taking a look at your website I notice that you include everyone on your corporate team page
            I liked that a lot cause working remotely I hope to be able to get to know my co-workers as well.

            With my practical experience and long term goal to work primarily in mobile app development I hope you will be able to utilize my experiences,
            knowledge and skills to benefit the team as a whole. I also am very passionate in learning new skills an staying on top of the latest technologies


            I invite you to review my attached resume and visit my github where I have a few projects and example of my programming skills and
            understanding of core JavaScript. This will defnitely show you that I am capable and professional individual  who is able to
            perform to the highest standards in areas such as

                        Single Page App Prototyping
                        Development Testing
                        Search Engine Optimization
                        HTML5/CSS3 Responsive Web Design
                        Bootstrap Frameworks
                        Angular JS
                        Backbone JS
                        jQuery UI
                        Node JS

             I am also interested in learning something totally new for my next project. It what makes being a Front-End Developer
             all the better.

Thank you sincerely for taking the time to read my application, and I
very much look forward to an opportunity to speak to you in more detail regarding this position.
Yours sincerely


Chris Samuel
